---
layout: post
title:  "Quiz!"
date:   2021-11-22 13:46:40
categories: jekyll update
---

1. Talk about how you made your site and why you chose the tools you did. Briefly explain one challenge you experienced in setting up this site and how you solved it.

> I tested in the past Hugo and Gatsby and had some issues when I was installing it using the tutorials. At the time I was installing it through a Worker (serverless function in Cloudflare). When I tried jekyll everything worked as expected and I was able to just manipulate the template to get a simple site online. One of the things that attracted me was also the fact you can use Markdown for formatting which is a similar language used on Zendesk which I'm familiarized. From clicking on https://jamstack.org/generators/ and choosing Jekyll it was a matter of seconds. I suppose if I had to mention a hiccup would be realizing that as soon as you `commit changes` on Github, changes are automaticaly populated.

2. What did you think of our service during the time you used it? Provide either some constructive criticism or some points that impressed you. Be honest! “It sucked” isn’t a wrong answer unless you don’t elaborate and provide some constructive criticism ;)

> Simplicity if I would have to define it in a word. The dashboard is designed with tabs and a navbar that are self-explanatory for someone seeing it for the first time. Each page has just enough information to understand what you can manage from there. It's not clattered with too much information.

3. Rank your 5 favorite, and 5 least favorite, activities from this list: https://gist.github.com/fool/b0f254ff8c72a5765b6a9138249789d6

>
# Favorite:
* Write and maintain documentation for our software and blog posts for our website.
* Create video tutorials to help teach users a specific feature or use case
* Spot trends across many cases to improve Netlify's product and service
* Suggest and champion improvements to the Support team's workflow to your colleagues in and out of Support
* Work with people to figure out if Netlify's service can solve a particular workflow or integration challenge they have

# Least favorite:
* Find and recruit teammates for the Support team
* Respond to Netlify customers on Twitter
* Help train and onboard new support teammates
* Deliver a talk to many people you don't know at a conference or meetup
* Debug a customer's build using a programming language and framework that you've never seen before

4. Provide a link to documentation for a technical/developer-focused product, which you think are well done, and explain why you think they are well done.

https://www.twilio.com/docs/voice/make-calls

> Twilio and Intercom are for me two great examples on how to engage with developers and with users that are just starting something new. On the example provided, the script is explain step-by-step and side-by-side the content is deconstructed in the several languages available on Twilio. By choosing a particular paragraph, shows you the sample and what was changed on a terminal format. There are tables and diagrams to explain how it works to give you a platform to creat your own programming script.

5. Why do you think SSL/HTTPS is important? Please provide at least 3 reasons.

> * HTTPS prevents websites from having their information broadcast in a way that’s easily viewed by anyone snooping on the network.
* HTTPS is encrypted in order to increase security of data transfer. This is particularly important when users transmit sensitive data, such as by logging into a bank account, email service, or health insurance provider.
* In websites without HTTPS, it is possible for Internet service providers (ISPs) or other intermediaries to inject content into webpages without the approval of the website owner. HTTPS eliminates the ability of unmoderated third parties to inject advertising into web content.

6. Explain, in a couple of paragraphs, what you think 2 major challenges around DNS configuration are for less-technical customers hosting websites.

> * High TTL (time to live) values on critical DNS records that result in painful propagation waits and downtime when trying to move traffic from one server to another and
* Improperly configured, or non-configured, DNS records, such as MX, SPF and DKIM, which can adversely impact email delivery and receipt.
But the main problem may be forgetting to properly renew, or lose control of domain names which jeopardizes the site all together.

7. A customer writes in saying their “site won’t build”. You have access to their build logs, and there you see this error: Build failed due to a user error: Build script returned non-zero exit code: 2. You have no more information than this and the site’s source repository is private so you cannot test the build yourself. How would you troubleshoot this issue? Please compose your best customer-facing answer.

> Hi there,
Thank you for contacting Netlify. My name is Marco and I will be dealing with your issue today.
I can see from your build logs an error:
```
Build failed due to a user error: Build script returned non-zero exit code: 2.
```
Although this error can be generic, I found this article that may have a solution in resolving your issue on https://answers.netlify.com/t/new-ci-true-build-configuration-treating-warnings-as-errors-because-process-env-ci-true/14434
If the information provided does not resolve the issue, would you be able to share the site's source repository so that we can do further testing?

8. How would you set up an http 301 status redirect from “/netlify/anything” on your site, to https://www.google.com/search?q=anything How about a proxy redirect? Please add that proxy redirect rule to your site.

> Please check `_redirects` folder on the build.

9. Please attempt to deploy a function on our service. This need not be complicated, could be "Hello World" or something fancier. Note that failure to deploy is not failing the exercise! Whether you have trouble or not, please describe what you experienced and how you attempted to troubleshoot, instead. We won't be asking you to share the function (but you can if you want to!), we just want to hear about the experience in some detail.

> 

10. We understand you don't know anything about our internal procedures at this stage, but we want you to explain at a high level how you'd react to this situation: You receive a report of a severe security issue on www.netlify.com. You can't immediately confirm, so what steps might you take to investigate or substantiate the report? What might you say to the reporter, even though we haven't confirmed their assertion yet, that will still leave the true impression that our business is very concerned about security? You believe there is a reasonable chance the report is correct and the problem is very large and impactful. How might you escalate?

> First it is important to understand if there is a CVE number related to the security issue being flagged. Usually a customer has knowledge of this information and is willing to provide so that we can assess the information internally. The CVE program identifies, defines and catalog publicly disclosed cybersecurity vulnerabilities. By having the number we can have a very quick overview of the vulnerability and assess the severity. This information is key for our  security engineers to assess if our current setup has been tested against such CVE and provide information if there's any actions customers should be taking to protect against the vulnerability. In sum, we need to collect as much information as we possibily can from the customer side, including a CVE number and report the issue internally so that it can be assessed. We should continue communicating to the customer by thanking for bringing this to our attention and let him know that we will conduct a thorough investigation and provide an update as soon as we receive one from our security team. Security is very important not only for our business but for our customers so we take reports very seriously. In terms of escalation, I would notify my manager and flag it to the security team through a ticket and let the assignee/ manager of the team know what is going on.

11. (optional/bonus) Could you give us a suggestion to improve this test or the job posting?
